c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\ProjectManager.dll.config
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\ProjectManager.dll
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\ProjectManager.pdb
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\DotVVM.Core.dll
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\DotVVM.Framework.dll
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\Microsoft.Owin.FileSystems.dll
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\Microsoft.Owin.StaticFiles.dll
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\DotVVM.Core.xml
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\DotVVM.Framework.xml
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.xml
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.xml
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\Microsoft.Owin.FileSystems.xml
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\Microsoft.Owin.StaticFiles.xml
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\System.Collections.Immutable.xml
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\System.Reflection.Metadata.xml
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\obj\Debug\ProjectManager.dll
c:\users\chyli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\obj\Debug\ProjectManager.pdb
C:\Users\chyli\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\obj\Debug\ProjectManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\chyli\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\DotVVM.Framework.Controls.Bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\chyli\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectManager\ProjectManager\bin\DotVVM.Framework.Controls.Bootstrap.xml
